One Round:
    - Setup Phase:
        * Cluster formation
            Advertisment Phase
                - Each node decides whether or not to become a CH for the current round.
                  this decesion is based on the suggested precentage of cluster heads for the network
                  and the number of times the node has been a CH so far.
                      
                        node n chooses a random number from 0 to 1 --> rn
                        if rn < T(n) then n is CH other wise n is CM

                        T(n) = P/1-P*(r mod 1/P) if n in G else 0

                        P = the desired precentage of cluster heads 
                        r=  the current round 
                        G is the set of nodes that have not been a cluster head at some point within 1/P rounds
                
                - Each node that has elected itself as CH for current round brodcasts and advertisment message to
                  the rest of the nodes. For this "CH-Advertisment" phase, the CH use a CSMA MAC protocol and all
                  CHs transmit their advertisment through the same transmit energy
                  the non CH nodes must keep their recivers on during this phase of set-up ti hear advertisments of all
                  CHs.

                - After CH advertisment phase, each non CH node decides the cluster to which
                  it will belong for this round. This decesion is based on the signal strength of the advertisment.
                  Assuming symetric propagation channels, the CH advertisment heard with the largest signal strength
                  is the CH to whom the minimum ammount of transmitted energy is needed for comunication. In the case
                  of a tie, a random CH is chosen.




            Cluster Setup Phase
                - After each node has decided to which cluster it belongs, it must inform the cluster-head node that it will
                  be a member of the cluster. Each node transmits this information back to the CH agaiin using a CSMA MAC protocol,
                  During this phase, all CH nodes must keep their recivers on.

            Schedule Creation
                - The CH node recives all the messages for nodes that would like to be included in the cluster. Based on
                the number of nodes in the cluster, the CH node creates a TDMA schedule telling each node when it can transmit.
                This schedule is brodcast back to the nodes in the cluster
            


   ( this is one frame )
    - Steady-state Phase:
        * CM to CH data exchange
        * CH to BS data exchange
        - Once the clusters are created and the TDMA schedule is fixed, data transmition can begin.
          Assuming nodes always have data to send, they send it during their allocated transmittion
          time to the CH. THis transmission uses a minimal amount of energy. The radio of each non
          CH node can be turned off until the node's allocated transmission time, thus minimizing
          energy dissipation in these nodes. The CH node must keep it's reciver on  to recive all 
          the data from nodes in the cluster. 
        
        - When all data is recived, the CH performs signal processing function to compress the data into
          a single signal. Then this composite signal is sent to the BS, since the BS is far away, this is
          a high energy transmission.
          
        - After a certian time which is determined 
            
            Tcf = 2Nb/rate
            rate = the bit rate of data transfer
            N = total number of nodes in the WSN
            b = bits of message
            
        - The next round begins with each node determining if it should be a CH for this round and advertising
          this information as descriped before.






